# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

I am feeling very, very overwhelmed. Although I know that this is how the course is supposed to go. I have a feeling the next few weeks will still be hard but I'll be able to manage the workload better. It's scary and intimidating to look over the curriculum but I know that it won't do me any good to panic and let my brain get overloaded with information. 

I need to take baby steps and ask for help when I need it. Codeworks is working with me and not against me and I know for a fact that I am not the only one experiencing this in the class. It's perfectly natural to feel like this. 

I got caught up with the exercises and prompts that happened this week, so that's a minor victory. What was a surprise was learning about boostrap and working with it. I didn't think that we'd jump into it so quickly, but learning how useful it could be was helpful. 

The terminology is something that I'm still struggling with, that's what I want to get down as quickly as possible. Learning how to use bootstrap and adapting a webpage for mobile use is also something that I need to get down as quickly as possible. 

I would count not crying yet as a victory haha. I will keep my chin up and be confident going forward since acting sad about not knowing enough won't do me any favours. I got this!

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?