# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?

//Honestly, I feel like I'm struggling with everything still. I feel as though I am light years behind everything else and I am hardly understanding Javascript. In fact I requested a tutor session in advance for Monday because I know I'm not going to pass the checkpoint right off the bat. What's really eating me is that I take much longer than the rest of the class to understand what js can do for me and how I can use it. 

When Mick told me that the most successful students are the ones that challenge themselves at cw I listened. I am challenging myself to complete each afternoon challenge by the end of the day, however often times when I need to reach out to someone for help there's already a line for each TA and our time with them is limited. When I don't complete the challenge I go home eat and then spend another hour attempting to finish it in vain even though I very much want to go back over the challenges that we have done for the past couple of weeks to practice and flesh out my understanding of everything, but then we get another challenge with a brand new topic that I need to spend more time on. I can hardly keep up with the lessons. For example this checkpoint I'm becoming too intimidated to even try to complete the rest of the requirements because I'm struggling to even get a base understanding with bootstrap, and my slow learning speed was a detriment to the partner exercise on Thursday.  

Just to be clear, I am in no way blaming codeworks for my lack of understanding. I know I get trapped in my mind when I want to learn how to code properly, then start thinking negatively and I don't reach out. I know that I need to be better about that and I will be. I will now head to every fireside because I know that these will be beneficial for me in the long run. I didn't take advantage of these the first week. But the biggest problem for me right now is that I don't know what I don't know.

I'm feeling very pessimistic about my time here and I don't want to be because I want to do well and I want to be successful but I need additional help outside of the lectures. I'm not very intelligent when it comes to programming and I'm not trying to beat myself up but it's true that I'll need more time spent with the TA's and the teachers to make sure that I am fully understanding everything so I can graduate the course. 

Hopefully this is read on Monday or sooner but right now I at least want to sound the alarm that I need extra help so I don't run the risk of flunking out.